<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<title>podujevo.kim.iz.rs</title>
<meta name="description" content="podujevo.kim.iz.rs is run by 'Free Hostia' and firmly recommends you to use any of their services: domain name registration, shared web hosting, virtual server hosting, semi-dedicated server and dedicated hosting services.">
<meta name="keywords" content="domain name registration, website hosting, virtual servers, semi-dedicated server, dedicated hosting">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/themes/lightblue/styles.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/css/style.css" /><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/css/custom1.css" />


<!-- Internet Explorer HTML5 enabling code: -->

 <!--[if IE]>
        <script src="http://html5shiv.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/html5.js"></script>

        <style type="text/css">
        .clear {
          zoom: 1;
          display: block;
        }
        </style>


        <![endif]-->

</head>

<body class="home">
<section id="page">
<!-- Defining the #page section with the section tag -->

<header> <!-- Defining the header section of the page with the appropriate tag -->
   <hgroup>
    <h4>podujevo.kim.iz.rs</h4>
    <div class="poweredby">managed by '<a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/freehostia/">Free Hostia</a>'</div>
  </hgroup>
 
  
	<nav class="clear">
		<ul>
						<li><a class="domains" href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/domain-search/">Domain Names</a></li>
						
						<li><a class="hosting" href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/shared-hosting-provider/">Hosting</a></li>
						
						<li><a class="vps" href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/virtual-private-server/">VPS</a></li>
						
						<li><a class="semi" href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/semi-dedicated-server-services/">Semi-Dedicated</a></li>
						
						<li><a class="dedi" href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/dedicated-server-plans/">Dedicated Servers</a></li>
						
			<li class="order"><span class="shopingcart"><a class="order_link" href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/order/#/Plans/Chocolate/">Order</a></span></li>
		</ul>
	</nav>

  
</header>
<p class="breadcrumb">Home</p>
<section>
  <article class="clear">
    <!-- The new article tag. The id is supplied so it can be scrolled into view. -->
    <h1>Welcome to podujevo.kim.iz.rs</h1>
    <div class="line"></div>
    <p>Free Hostia has registered podujevo.kim.iz.rs for one of its clients. If you are the actual domain name owner, you can administer it by logging in your <a href="https://newcp.freehostia.com">hosting CP</a>.</p>
  </article>
  
    <article class="content_50right clear">
	    <div class="article_head"><h2>Domain Name Services</h2>
      <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">4</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">50</span> USD per year</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
<p>Grab your killer online address with Free Hostia &ndash; a low-budget <a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/domain-search/">domain name registration</a> service provider, before someone else does. Free domain name controls &ndash; edit name servers, edit Whois, multiple domain parking.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	    <div class="article_head"><h2>Linux Web Hosting</h2>
    <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">0</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">00</span> USD /mo</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
	<p>Select where to host your web sites with Free Hostia &ndash; a best <a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/shared-hosting-provider/">MySQL hosting</a> account provider with almost a decade of experience in the industry. <a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/web-hosting.php">Web hosting</a> data centers in the United States, UK, Sweden &amp; Australia. A drag and drop Control Panel.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	      <div class="article_head"><h2>VPS</h2>
    <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">19</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">95</span> USD /mo</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
    <p>Host your websites in USA, England, or Australia with Free Hostia - a budget <a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/virtual-private-server/">virtual private servers</a> service company with almost 5 yrs of experience in the virtual hosting industry. Order now &ndash; get a no-cost Control Panel &amp; a free dedicated IP.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	

	<div class="article_head"><h2>Semi-Dedicated Hosting</h2>
    <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">29</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">95</span> USD /mo</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
    <p>Enjoy more power for your growing applications with Free Hostia &ndash; a low-cost <a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/semi-dedicated-server-services/">semi dedicated server</a> account  company. Get a drag &amp; drop interface, a Free Site Creator and a Free 1-click Web Apps Installer. 24x7 support.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	

	<div class="article_head"><h2>Dedicated Servers</h2>
    <span class="price article_price">from $<span style="font-size:50px">139</span>.<span style="vertical-align:top;">95</span> USD /mo</span></div>
       <div class="clear article_text">
    <p>Get the best hosting conditions for your websites with Free Hostia &ndash; a cheap <a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/dedicated-server-plans/">dedicated servers hosting</a> services company. You will be offered a Free Control Panel and 3 free dedicated IPs. OS options. Full root-level access. No server configuration fees.</p></div>
	<div class="line2" style="width:100%;"></div>
	</article>
  
                <article class=" sidebar_40left">
        <h3 class="current"><a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/cheap-domain/">Cheap Domain</a></h3>
        <div class="pane">
          <p>One of the most vital preconditions for creating a successful online presence is the domain. It is what people will perceive first when they discover your website and what they will relate you with. The domain should be easy to memorize, but should also be something that informs your website's visitors what the site is about.</p></div>
        </article>                <article class=" sidebar_40left">
        <h3><a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/cheap-website-hosting/">Cheap Website Hosting</a></h3>
        <div class="pane">
          <p>As the IT niche evolves incessantly, innovative hosting solutions are brought in to make website creation and administration simpler than ever. A site hosting plan with the smallest web storage space and monthly bandwidth quotas used to cost tens of US dollars a month, but at present, some suppliers provide unmetered plans for only a fraction of the cost, allowing persons and small-sized corporations to have their place in the virtual universe.</p></div>
        </article>                <article class=" sidebar_40left"><h3><a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/what-is-vps/">What is VPS</a></h3>
        <div class="pane">
         <p>To satisfy the need for cheap, but reliable hosting services, companies initiated a midway webspace hosting platform - the virtual hosting server. This is a virtual emulation of a hosting server that operates just like a : dedicated web server and is much more advanced than any shared site hosting solution. At the same time, as multiple accounts are created on the same physical machine and each client pays for their account, the cost of a private virtual server plan is markedly lower than the cost of a dedicated server dedicated server. A basic virtual private web hosting server plan is a little more high-priced than a hi-end shared web page hosting package, but its resources exceed by far those of the shared web hosting account.</p>
        </div>
        </article>
                        <article class=" sidebar_40left">
        <h3><a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/semi-dedicated-hosting-packages-article/">Semi-Dedicated Packages</a></h3>
<div class="pane">

<p>The cheap semi-dedicated web server services from Free Hostia are intended for those of you, whose online demands have started to exceed the resources of their current hosting service, and who are not yet ready to move to a dedicated hosting server. Semi-dedicated hosting solutions surpass VPS mainly in the bigger amount of resources that allow you to run more traffic-hungry websites and more dynamic scripts and applications. Each semi-dedicated plan is packed with unlimited disk space and monthly traffic quotas, unlimited hosted domains and mailboxes, etc. Also, you will get a FREE hosting Control Panel with a quick point and click interface that makes administering your semi-dedicated server pretty easy.
</p>
          
        </div>
        </article>
                
                <article class=" sidebar_40left"><h3><a href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/dedicated-web-hosting-server-description/">Dedicated Web Hosting Server Description</a></h3>
        <div class="pane"><p>Corporate web portals, social networks and video sharing web portals are very famous and busy sites that demand plenty of system resources to operate. The more visitors a website accommodates simultaneously, the more resources will be needed to cope with all the requests from the users' web browsers and to complete them. Therefore a dedicated server would be the optimum website hosting platform for such pages.</p>
          
        </div>
        </article>
             
	<footer class="clear" style="width:96%">
		<!--<div><span><strong>Web Hosting</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Reseller cPanel CLOUD Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">East Coast Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">West Coast Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Canadian Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Australian Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">UK Web Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">European Hosting</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Sweden Hosting</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div><span><strong>Universal Domains</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">dot COM domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot NET domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot ORG domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot INFO domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot BIZ domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot US domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot UK domains</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot EU domains</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div><span><strong>Country Domains</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">dot Canada</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Australia</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot New Zealand</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot France</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Espana</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Norway</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Deutchland</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">dot Mexico</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
<div><span><strong>What is Articles</strong></span><br/>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">Domain name</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain extension</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Generic domain</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Country code domain</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain registration</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain transfer</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain renewal</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">Domain expiration</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>-->


<p class="clear">Copyright &copy; 2003-2012 <a href="http://podujevo.kim.iz.rs">podujevo.kim.iz.rs</a>. All rights Reserved!</p>

<script src="/highlyratedhosting-brand/js/jquery-1.6.2.min.js"></script>
<link href="/highlyratedhosting-brand/css/colorbox.css" media="screen" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<script src="/highlyratedhosting-brand/js/jquery.colorbox-min.js"></script>
<script src="/highlyratedhosting-brand/js/jquery.tools.min.js"></script>
<script src="/highlyratedhosting-brand/js/script.js"></script>
<!--[if IE]>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="/highlyratedhosting-brand/js/selectivizr.js"></script>
<![endif]-->


 

		<script type="text/javascript" src="http://pvdspek.github.com/downloads/jquery.autoellipsis-1.0.2.min.js"></script>
		<script>
			$(function(){
			  var right_box_height = $(".content_50right").innerHeight() - ($(".sidebar_40left").size() - 1) * 20;
			  right_box_height = right_box_height / $(".sidebar_40left").size() - 40;
			  $(".sidebar_40left").height(right_box_height + 'px');
			  $(".sidebar_40left").each(function() {
				  $(this).find('p')
				  .height(parseInt(right_box_height -20 - $(this).find('h3').innerHeight()) + 'px')
				  .ellipsis();
			  });
			});
		</script>
	</footer>
</section>
</section>
</body>
</html>
 <!-- yNQrqqA -->
<!-- 874123efeafb55c637fbad547a326087 -->
